[insights] policy management blog (#15998)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/pulumi-policy-mgmt-launch/index.md

---

> title: "Announcing New Policy Packs and Policy Management Experience"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Policy Comes to Team and Enterprise, with Out-of-the-box Policies and Management Experience"
```

A bit long, but I think the broadest appealing news is the Team and Enterprise bit. Feels a bit buried right now.

date: 2025-09-17
authors:
    - luke-ward
    - dan-biwer
    - insights-team
meta_desc: "Announcing new UX for Pulumi Policy and new pre-built policy packs, providing essential guardrails for all cloud infrastructure automation"
allow_long_title: true
meta_image: "meta.png"
tags:
    - pulumi-service
    - policy-as-code
    - crossguard
    - features
    - user-experience
    - pulumi-neo
    - ai
---

> AI has fundamentally changed application development. Developers are shipping more code, faster than ever before. Every new feature and application generated needs to run on the cloud, creating an unprecedented amount of new infrastructure for platform teams to manage.

Reviewer 2: Updated in latest commit
